hey again now wanted to try
we have a brown one
brought form
even with a grid
that's the whole thing
and I just wanted to
I'm curious how it works
The recipe works as usual
below in the video description then na
Come on
you need 200 grams of double frame
cream cheese 150 grams sugar three eggs
a bottle of butter vanilla aroma 200
grams of tender bitter chocolate 80 grams
flour half a teaspoon of salt 66
grams of margarine and 100 milliliters of milk
for the cs cream you give the cream cheese
Add 535 grams of sugar to a bowl
and beat the whole body
then an egg and a third of the butter
to give vanilla aroma and stir
put the crow first to the side
Break the chocolate into coarse pieces
and about 5 minutes at about 270 watts
melts
in a small bowl you have to do that
flour together with the salt
then you are in a separate
bowl off the margarine
in the meantime of course the
Bring chocolate out of the microwave
stir and cool down a bit first
to let
Give the margarine 105 grams
sugar and stop first
the two eggs beat into it
because the milk and the festive vanilla
add aroma
mix everything well
then you give the melting chocolate
just on it
and leads again
Finally, you give the new
mix and mix it into one
minutes brand
the finished chocolate part you can then
Distribute directly in the industry
smooth out something and quickly
with a tablespoon ran cream cheese
Cream the king on it
to get my mom structure
you then only with a spoon the
do something to whirl around without missing the
Wise cream with the dark cream too
very to mix
if you work with the separation grid
Do you want to let this happen now
whole about 30 minutes at 180 degrees
open in a preheated oven
is the time back over leave
brownies until bottling and can then
Get out of shape
It's so easy with this form
By placing the frame with this frame
back only hits that goes there
Carefully removed and finished the
18 small brown to serve
I even forgot the form
but find it still had everything
Wonderful if you solve that
Bake brownies without separating grid-volt to
eg to get larger brawnies or one
more typical brownie looking too
I would get the tin with before
Bake paper interpret so later on
do not cut the shape scratched
and here again fast smooth
delete larger and deeper
to get marbling you have to
a spoonful of deep troughs in chocolate
in front
the pour in cream cheese cream and
This then again with the sport something
cover
Finally, count the whole thing a bit
here too you leave the baked dough
first we cool off in front of them
mold and from the floor sheet brings around him
to cut
we still have it cool after that
an hour in the fridge
whether with race use or without me
find the shape is definitely yours
worth money
the link to this I have you down in the
video description set
but of course the whole works in the same way
normal sheet metal and so see the
finished brownie without racing use
I think come here through the
interfaces the marbling a lot
better to the validity
and we have the finished mario bros
Have fun with neighbors